1. Prints prices.length because i is a var variable, i is incremented every iteration until i is less than prices.length, making it print prices.length. In this case, it prints 3
2. Prints the last i iteration of discountedPrice = prices[i] * (1 - discount), last i iteration uses the last element in the prices array. In this case, it prints 150
3. Prints the last i iteration of finalPrice = Math.round(discountedPrice * 100) / 100, last i iteration uses the last element in the prices array. In this case, it prints 150
4. Returns an array containing i elements of finalPrice. For every iteration in the loop, finalPrice is pushed to the discounted array and the amount of iterations is the value of prices.length. In this case, it returns [50, 100, 150]
5. Error, since i is declared with let, i can't be accessed outside of the for loop
6. Error, since discountedPrice is declared with let, i can't be accessed outside of the for loop
7. Prints the last i iteration of finalPrice = Math.round(discountedPrice * 100) / 100, last i iteration uses the last element in the prices array. In this case, it prints 150
8. Returns an array containing i elements of finalPrice, for every iteration in the loop, finalPrice is pushed to the discounted array and the amount of iterations is the value of prices.length. In this case, it returns [50, 100, 150]
9. Error, since i is declared with let, i can't be accessed outside of the for loop
10. Prints prices.length, length is accessible as the const variable is in the same block as line 12. In this case, it prints 3
11. Returns an array containing i elements of discountedPrice. For every iteration in the loop, discountedPrice is pushed to the discounted array and the amount of iterations is the value of length, which is prices.length. Although discounted is declared with const, that just means discounted can't be reassigned a new array, but what is inside the array can still be modified such as pushing elements to the array. In this case, it returns [50, 100, 150]
12. A. student.name, B. student['Grad Year'], C. student.greeting(), D. student['Favorite Teacher'].name, E. student.courseLoad[0]
13. A. '32' because integers map to their exact string representation, B. 1 because the string '3' is converted to a number, C. 3 because null is converted to the number 0, D. '3null' because null is converted to a string, E. 4 because true is converted to number 1, F. 0 because both false and null are converted to the number 0, G. '3undefined' because undefined is converted to a string, H. NaN because undefined is converted to NaN so when arithmetic is being performed, result becomes NaN
14.  A. true because '2' is converted to the number 2 and 2 is greater than 1, B. false because strings are compared in dictionary order so '2' is greater than '1', C. true because '2' is converted to the number 2 so 2 = 2, D. false because === checks the equality without type conversion, E. false because true is converted to the number 1 and 1 != 2, F. true because Boolean(2) is converted to true since any value besides 0, null, undefined, NaN, and "" are converted to true in boolean conversions, so true === true is true
15.  == checks the equality with type conversion, === checks the equality without type conversion
16. [2, 4, 6] is returned. If we go through the for loop, we see that there are three iterations, one iteration for each element in the array. For each iteration, we push the current element multiplied by 2 in the new array by using the callback function on the original element. The new array is returned, which is essentially just the original array's elements multiplied by 2.
17. 1 4 3 2. Outputs 1 first, then 4, then 3, then 2 